# Session 2024-07-26

## Vocabulary

- let down (phrasal verb): to disappoint someone by failing to do what you agreed to do or were expected to do

  - I know I let you down, but I want to try again
  - I felt really let down when she didn't come to my party

- Chicken out (phrasal verb): to decide not to do something because you are too frightened

  - I wanted to go skydiving, but I chickened out at the last minute
  - I was going to ask her out, but I chickened out
  - Don't chicken out this time. We need you

- Stall (substantive): a small area next to or inside a building that is used for a particular purpose

  - Dorothy hid in a bathroom stall
  - I need to use the bathroom stall
  - The bathroom stall was occupied

- Haul (verb): to pull or carry something heavy from one place to another

  - We hauled the boxes up the stairs.
  - They hauled the boat out of the water.
  - She hauled her luggage to the airport.
  - I have to haul this project for the next meeting

- Look after (phrasal verb): to take care of someone or something by providing the things that are needed

  - I need to look after my plants
  - Can you look after my dog while I'm away?
  - I'll look after the kids while you're gone
  - I can look after him for you

- Plenty (pronoun): a large or sufficient amount or quantity; more than enough

  - There's plenty of time to finish the project
  - I have plenty of work to do
  - There's plenty of food for everyone
  - I have plenty of time to finish the project
  - We have plenty of time for all that

- Sweep (verb): to clean something, especially a floor by using a brush to collect the dirt into one place from which it can be removed

  - I need to sweep the floor
  - I swept the floor yesterday
  - I'll sweep the floor before the guests arrive
  - I need to sweep the floor before the party
  - Daniela swept the floor of the barn

- Pot (noun): a container, typically rounded or cylindrical and of ceramic ware or metal, used for storage or cooking

  - Ruth filled the pot with water
  - I need to buy a new pot for my plants

- Alley (noun): a narrow street or passageway, especially one through the middle of a block giving access to the rear of lots or buildings

  - The alley was dark and narrow.
  - The cat ran down the alley.
  - The alley was full of garbage.
  - Helen took a shortcut through the dark alley.
  - There is a dark alley in my neighborhood

- Stir (verb): to mix a liquid or other substance by moving an object such as a spoon in a circular pattern

  - I need to stir the soup
  - I stirred the soup
  - I'll stir the soup before serving
  - I need to stir the soup before serving
  - I stirred the soup with a spoon

- Bump (noun): a light blow or a jolting collision

  - I hit a bump in the road
  - Russel bumped his head on the cupboard door
