# Session 22-07-2024

## Vocabulary

- Get along with (phrasal verb): to have a friendly relationship with someone

  - I get along with most of my roommates.
  - I don't get along with my boss.
  - I get along with my sister.

- Deal with (phrasal verb): to take action in order to solve a problem

  - Your mother is impossible to deal with.
  - I can't deal with this situation.
  - I don't know how to deal with this.
  - I don't want to deal with debt

- Beyond (preposition): more than or too great for

  - The movie was beyond my expectations.
  - The problem is beyond my abilities.
  - The situation is beyond my control.
  - The price is beyond my budget.
  - You can see the mountains beyond the lake.
  - Beyond the final door, there was a treasure.

- Get around to it (phrasal verb): to do something that you have intended to do for a long time

  - Let me know when you get around to it.
  - I'll get around to it eventually.
  - I finally got around to my assignment.

- Wander (verb): to walk around slowly in a relaxed way or without any clear purpose or direction

  - When I'm in a new city, I just like to wander
  - We were wandering around Seville for hours.
  - When I had wandered for a while, then I found the place

- Towards: in the direction of

  - I'm walking towards the park.
  - The sun was setting towards the west.
  - The wind was blowing towards the east.
  - The train was heading towards the station.
  - The river flows towards the sea.
  - Move towards me slowly, one step at the time.
  - The project is moving towards completion.

- Get something over with (phrasal verb): to finish something that you do not want to do or that you have been doing for too long

  - Just get it over with. I can't wait any longer.
  - I just want to get this over with.
  - The team wanted to get the game over with.
