# Anki Session - June 5, 2024

# Vocabulary

- Thick (adj) - having a large distance between two sides

  - The walls are **thick** enough to keep the noise out.
  - The **thick** fog made it difficult to see the road.
  - The flight was canceled due to **thick** fog.

- Flip out (phrasal verb) - to become very excited or angry

  - I **flipped out** when I saw the price of the car.
  - She **flipped out** when she saw the mess in the kitchen.
  - He **flipped out** when he heard the news.
  - I'll tell you, but only if you promise not to **flip out**.

- Beg (verb) - to ask for something in an anxious or urgent way

  - Paige begged me to help her clean the kitchen.
  - I begged him to stay, but he left anyway.
  - She begged for mercy.

- Sigh (verb) - to take and then let out a long, loud breath that can be heard, to show that you are annoyed, disappointed, tired, etc.

  - She **sighed** with relief when she heard the news.
  - He **sighed** heavily and sat down.
  - She **sighed** and shook her head.
  - Jessica laid down on her bed and sighed

- Cap (noun) - a type of soft hat that has a curved part that sticks out at the front, often worn as part of a uniform

  - He wore a baseball **cap**.
  - She wore a **cap** to protect her head from the sun.
  - He wore a **cap** to keep his head warm.
  - She wore a **cap** to keep her hair dry.
  - I couldn't get the cap off the book.

- Rush (verb) - to move or do something very quickly or in a way that shows you are in a hurry

  - I **rushed** to the airport to catch my flight.
  - She **rushed** to the hospital.
  - I **rushed** to finish my homework.
  - I **rushed** to get to the meeting on time.
  - I **rushed** to get to the meeting on time.
  - Garret rushed to print his boarding pass

- Sweep (verb) - to clean a room, floor, etc. using a brush or a broom

  - She **swept** the floor.
  - I **swept** the dirt off the porch.
  - She **swept** the dust off the table.
  - I **swept** the leaves off the sidewalk.
  - I **swept** the leaves off the sidewalk.
  - I **swept** the leaves off the sidewalk.
  - Daniela swept the floor of the barn

- Slide (verb) - to move smoothly and quietly across a surface

  - The car **slid** on the icy road.
  - The box **slid** off the table.
  - The book **slid** off the shelf
  - She **slid** a little closer to him on the sofa.

- Get along with (phrasal verb) - to have a good relationship with someone

  - I **get along with** my coworkers.
  - I **get along with** my neighbors.
  - I **get along with** my boss
  - I **get along with** most of my roommates.
