# Anki Session: 2024-07-09

## Vocabulary

- Tune (noun): a melody, especially one that characterizes a certain piece of music.

  - What was the name of tha tune you were playing?
  - The tune was catchy
  - The tune was stuck in my head
  - The tune was easy to remember
  - The tune was hard to forget

- Get along with (phrasal verb): to have a good relationship with someone.

  - I get along with most of my roommates
  - She gets along with her coworkers
  - He gets along with his boss

- Get around to (phrasal verb): to finally do something that you have been intending to do for some time.

  - Let me know when you get around to it
  - I'll get around to it eventually
  - I'll get around to it when I have time
  - I'll get around to it when I can

- Come over (phrasal verb): to visit someone at their house.

  - I'll come over after work
  - She came over for dinner
  - He came over to watch the game

- Bitter (adjective): having a sharp, pungent taste or smell; not sweet.

  - It tasted really bitter
  - The coffee was bitter
  - The tea was bitter
  - The chocolate was bitter

- Figure out (phrasal verb): to understand or solve something.

  - I tried to figure out what John was doing
  - I can't figure out how to do this
  - She figured out the answer
  - He figured out the problem
  - We need to figure out a solution

- Stain (noun): a colored patch or dirty mark that is difficult to remove.

  - Man, I just got a stain on my favorite shirt
  - There was a stain on the carpet
  - The stain wouldn't come out
  - The stain was still there
  - The stain was hard to remove

- Ribbon (noun): a long, narrow strip of fabric, used for tying something or for decoration.

  - I untied the ribbon and opened the box.
  - She tied a ribbon around the gift.
  - The ribbon was a beautiful shade of blue.

- Get in (phrasal verb): to enter a place or vehicle.

  - Get in losers, we're going shopping
  - I'll get in the car
  - She got in the taxi
  - He got in the bus

- Whose (pronoun): used to ask who owns something or has something.

  - Whose book is this?
  - Whose car is that?
  - Whose house is this?
  - Whose phone is ringing?

- Steam (verb): to cook something using steam.

  - His shower was so hot the entire bathroom was full of steam
  - I steamed the vegetables
  - She steamed the fish
  - He steamed the rice
  - We steamed the dumplings

- Faint (verb): to lose consciousness for a short time because of a temporarily insufficient supply of oxygen to the brain.

  - I need to eat soon or else I'm going to faint
  - She fainted at the sight of blood
  - I fainted when I saw the spider
  - He fainted when he heard the news
  - We fainted when we saw the bill

- Sake (noun): for the purpose of; in the interest of; in order to achieve or preserve.

  - Please pay attention, we're doing this for your sake
  - I'm doing this for your sake
  - She's doing it for her own sake
  - He's doing it for the sake of the team
  - We're doing it for the sake of the company
  - They're doing it for the sake of the children

- Flip out (phrasal verb): to become very excited or angry.

  - I'll tell you, but only if you promise not to flip out.
  - She flipped out when she saw the mess.
  - Anthony flipped out when he heard the news
